Microsoft Azure Course
Din e-postadress (90dankro@gafe.molndal.se) kommer att registreras när du skickar in det här formuläret. Inte du? Byt konto
What does Private Cloud mean?
1 punkt
That your Azure is restricted to only allow employees to access it
That you host your own data center
It is a specific offering that you can request from Microsoft that gives you better control
It is an Azure instance that restricts any other regions to connect to it
Your application team is building a new software and they wish to focus on building, testing and deploying without having to worry about the underlaying hardware or software. What would your suggested service type be?
1 punkt
Infrastructure as s Service
Infrastructure as Code
Platform as a Service
Software as a Service
Which of the following statements about Public Cloud is not accurate?
1 punkt
It offers great elasticity
The cost is hidden
Does not require an upfront investment
You are tasked with setting up a two VMs for hosting a website for your company, they wish for the site to be have good availability but we may only use the region of North Europe how would you setup your VMs to gain good availability and reliability
2 punkter
Create 2 different types of VMs so it doesn't use the same rack in the data center.
Create 2 VMs and put them in an availability set to indicate that they need to be updated separately
Create 2 VMs and put them into 2 different VNETs because this will mean different racks
Your company has a hard time forecasting the cost of your cloud environment. As such the finance group ask you how they could get more insights into the day to day cost of your cloud setup. You state that there is plenty of useful information around costs available to them before they get there invoice. They wish to be able to see it on their own, since you have 15 active subscriptions and any one of them could be tasked with analysis of the cost. What would be a suitable approach for giving them access to all costs while still making sure they can not read sensitive data or manage resources?
2 punkter
Give the organization AD group for finance billing reader access on each subscription
Give the finance manager billing reader access to each subscription
Give each individual at the finance group billing reader to the root management group
Give the organization AD group for finance billing reader access to the root management group
Give the organization AD group for finance billing reader access on each resource
Monitoring is a very important part of the cloud. Using both Logs & Metrics. Using this you may create dashboards for visualization or trigger alerts on specific cases such as high CPU, no more disk space & pod restarted. Can you mention at least 2 actions that could get triggered by such an alert?
2 punkter
Which of the following options describes the hierarchy within Azure? Options are written top to bottom.
1 punkt
AD | Management Groups | Subscriptions | Resource groups | Resources
AD | Subscriptions | Management Groups | Resource Groups | Resources
Management Group | ADs | Subscriptions | Resource Groups | Resources
AD| Management Groups | Subscriptions | Resources
Subscriptions | Resources | ADs | Management Groups
AD | Management Groups | Subscriptions | Resource | Resources groups
AD | Management Groups | Resource | Subscriptions | Resources groups
What's is the main difference between Azure RBAC roles and Azure AD roles
2 punkter
You can assign Azure RBAC roles at the root level.
Azure AD roles are used to manage access to Azure resources. Azure RBAC roles are used to view and manage Azure resources.
Azure RBAC roles apply to Azure resources. Azure AD roles apply to Azure AD resources such as users, groups, and domains.
They are the same thing
Which of the following features does not apply to resource groups?
2 punkter
Resources can be in only one resource group.
Resources can be moved from one resource group to another resource group.
Resource groups can be nested.
Role-based access control can be applied to the resource group.
Any tag you put on your resource will be automatically propagated to your resource group
1 punkt
True
False
Which of the following approaches might be a good usage of tags?
1 punkt
Using tags to store environment and department association
Using tags in conjunction with Azure Automation to schedule maintenance windows
Using tags to associate a cost center with resources for internal chargeback
All of the above are good ways to use tags
Your company needs to connect azure resources across geographical regions with azure networking, what option should you be using?
2 punkter
Azure ExpressRoute
Virtual network peering
VPN Gateway
Which peering configuration would you use for your Express route circuit where you need to allow direct connections to Azure compute resources?
2 punkter
Azure Virtual Network peering
Azure private peering
Microsoft peering
You have 1 VNET with 2 subnets in them; webserver and databaseservers. Given that the network security group inbound rules are setup like this for both subnets. Which of the following statements is accurate.
2 punkter
Bild utan bildtext
The databaseservers can not reach the webservers over port 443.
Both the subnets can communicate freely between one another without restrictions.
Because of rule Https_443 communication between them is only allowed over port 443.
Priority 65500 stops everything, so they won't be able to communicate at all
In your azure setup you have over 40 virtual machines setup. A new security patch for the OS you are using is released. What do yo do?
1 punkt
Nothing, patching of the operating system as that is managed by Azure
Initiate a process to plan patching all servers, as this is our responsibility
What of the following scenarios is not supported for a Scale Set?
2 punkter
Change VM size of a specific instance
Changing the amount of instances manually
Changing the amount of instances running dynamically based on events
Which of the following is a limitation in Azure storage account
2 punkter
Your name needs to be globally unique
You can not change the keys of the storage account once created
Your name needs to be unique within your subscription
Your keys are automatically rotated every week for security reasons
Is there a way for you to use custom domain names for Azure services? Example 915701.database.windows.net can be mydb.mydomain.com
2 punkter
Yes
No
Suppose you have two video files stored as blobs. One of the videos is business-critical and requires a replication policy that creates multiple copies across geographically diverse datacenters. The other video is non-critical, and a local replication policy is sufficient. Which of the following options would satisfy both data diversity and cost sensitivity consideration.
2 punkter
Create a single storage account that makes use of Local-redundant storage (LRS) and host both videos from here.
Create a single storage account that makes use of Geo-redundant storage (GRS) and host both videos from here.
Create a two storage accounts. The first account makes use of Geo-redundant storage (GRS) and hosts the business-critical video content. The second account makes use of Local-redundant storage (LRS) and hosts the non-critical video content.
What technique does Docker containers implore to make them unaffected of changes to the host machine?
2 punkter
Layering to define what runtime and other dependencies it has
Analysis of the VM capabilities to identify if it can run or not
It can communicate with Azure to check for compatibility
You are running an Azure Kubernetes service in your cloud environment. Which of the following components will be contributing to your monthly azure charge?
2 punkter
The master nodes
The deployed pods
The worker nodes
When setting up an SQL server as a service in Azure you get point in time restore on this resource as a default option for you to use. What statement about backup is not true for this service
2 punkter
You can setup Long term retention to store a full back up from a specific week to be stored up to 10 years
You will automatically get database backups pushed to a storage account when they are taken
You can increase the time that the point in time restore is to be kept up to 35 days
Suppose you create a new VM with a single OS disk and a single data disk. You use the default options when you create the VM. You don't have an Azure Key Vault set up in your subscription. Which option most accurately describes the encryption state of those disks?
2 punkter
Both disks are unencrypted.
The OS disk is encrypted using Storage Service Encryption (SSE). The data disk is unencrypted.
Both disks are encrypted using Storage Service Encryption.
True or false: all Azure data storage options include automatic backup of data?
2 punkter
True
False
At the office where you work there are over 200 engineers working with all kinds of software development. Given this situation you can not help every single one of them all the time, so you decide to take help of the Azure capabilities that you have. Describe what capabilities you would use and how to? Enforce them to tag their resources with cost center. Make sure they only have access to their own stuff and don't break others.
5 punkter
En kopia av dina svar skickas med e-post till 90dankro@gafe.molndal.se.
Sidan 1 av 1
Skicka aldrig lösenord med Google Formulär
Formuläret skapades på Skolförvaltningen och Utbildningsförvaltningen Mölndal Stad. Anmäl otillåten användning
Google Formulär
